Business Jobs:

Scavenger
Monk
Multiverse Traveller
Traveller of the Planes

Merchant:
Merchant (Generalist) - Your general goods seller. Often specializes but rarely makes anything.
Merchant (Apothecary) - Seller of potions, tonics, salves and medicines.... maybe the odd poison or 2... maybe.
Merchant (Fishmonger) - Sells fish caught that morning. 
Merchant (Herbalist) - Seller of different plants, herbs, berries, etc for various uses from cooking to healing to poison. 
Merchant (Wholesale Trader) – This I kept in because it could be seen as more of a warehouse type store. Selling large numbers of items wholesale.

Craftspeople:
Armorer - A general armor maker, part blacksmith and part leatherworker.
Artist – A painter of portraits and may sell their own pieces.
Baker - Bread.... Mmmmmm bread.
Blacksmith - Though they can make weapons and possibly armor but they normally do horseshoes, tools, even pots and pans.
Bookbinder - Makes books. You can probably buy scribe supplies here, paper, ink, quills, etc.
Fletcher - Bows, arrows, strings, etc. Fletchers are more associated with arrows specifically but they normally overlap.
Brewer – A maker of beer and ale. Normally sales wholesale.
Bricklayers/Masons – Laborers skilled in the building of walls and ducts. Freemasons actually formed from a bricklayers guild.
Butcher - Meat is Murder.... Delicious Murder.
Candlemaker - For all of your candle/lantern needs.
Carpenter – An elite tradesman, skilled in math as well as woodworking
Cartwright – A maker and repairer of carts and wagons
Clothier – A garment-maker/seamstress.
Cobbler or Shoemaker – Makes and mends shoes/boots.
Cooper – A barrel-maker
Dyer – A maker of inks, paints, dyes, and stains. A much more important job in the middle ages than one might think.
Enchanter - Specialized profession that enchants your items or makes enchanted items for you.
Engraver - Engraves items. Works with or can be with gold/silversmiths or jewelers.
Farmer - Farms.... Also produces eggs.
Fisherman - Brings in the bounty of the sea.
Furrier - Deals with fur garments. The making and repair of them.
Glassblower - Glass vases, glasses, etc.
Goldsmith or Silversmith - Occasionally has their own shops or works with jewelers. Sell silverware, fills in filigree, repairs jewelry.
Hatter - They make hats and are often mad because of the process to make them.
Rancher - Watches over and breeds sheep, cattle, and horses for the market.
Hunter - Brings wild game, furs, and herbs in for the market.
Jeweler - Gems Gems Gems. Often has a gold or silversmith on staff or works with one.
Joiner – A maker of furniture... might need this so keeping it.
Leatherworker - Belts, shoes, even armor. This guy could be popular.
Locksmith - Keys and locks. Seems simple but can also be where housebreaking supplies are sold on the side.
Lumberjack - Brings wood in for the market.
Miller - Turns the farmers grains into flour.
Miner - Brings the ore, stone, and minerals from the ground.
Potter - For all of your clay pot, jug, cup, dish, etc needs.
Shipwright – A builder of ships. Need to buy something that floats? Head here
Tinker – Normally a traveling craftsman who repairs tin pots and other small items, often also a peddler but they can be in a city.
Vintner – Winemaker. Might not have had their own shop except in large cities.
Weaponsmith - A blacksmith type shop specializing in weapons.
Weaver - Basic Cloth, normally not dyed.

Entertainment
Actors - More often seen in theatres you can of course hire one for your own purposes.
Minstrel - Entertainment for hire. Singing, dancing, and stories of the olden days.
Bard - Entertainment for hire. Singing, dancing, and stories of the olden days.
Storyteller - Entertainment for hire. Singing, dancing, and stories of the olden days.
Juggler - Entertainment for hire. Singing, dancing, and stories of the olden days.
Acrobat - Entertainment for hire. Singing, dancing, and stories of the olden days.

Government
Banks - Storage for money. Large banking groups provide documentation allowing one to withdraw money from far flung financial institutions without the need to transport large amounts of money.
Moneylender - Most decent sized cities will have these. There is always a broke person in need of money.

Public Services
Scholar (Astrologer) - A researcher exploring the impact divine beings and celestial/planar bodies have on the behavior of mortals.
Scholar (Cartographer) - Collector and maker of maps.
Scholar (Historian) - Researches and catalogues various eras or portions of history.
Scholar (Philosopher) - An intellectual who has contributed in one or more branches of philosophy.
	TODO PhilosopherFields child
Scholar (Alchemist) - Researcher and inventor of alchemical ingredients and brews (respectively).
Scholar (Astronomer) - One who researches celestial objects and phenomena (space and the stars), potentially going as far as Spelljamming.
Scholar (Librarian) - Collects and loans out books, often interacting with other scholars.
Scholar (Professor) - A researcher who teaches about their field.
	TODO generate again on scholars to determine their field (could be a teacher about teaching 0_0)
Scholar (Wizard) - A wizard who has dedicated their life to researching and creating new spells, rather than only learning what spells already exist.
Scholar (Wizard’s apprentice) - A wizard in study, learning from a fully realized wizard.
Scholar (Spelljamming) - A researcher who was likely an astronomer or astrologer who has further specialized in the celestial bodies on the material plane and how one traverses between them.
Scholar (Outer & Inner Planes) - A researcher exploring the inner and outer planes and their impact on the prime material plane.
NOTE: Scholars may have a chance of being discredited - put this in the generator with a very low chance

Barber – A doctor, surgeon, bloodletter, dentist, and haircutter. Probably best at cutting hair though.
Barristers – A lawyer. Often individuals but also form groups.
Boatman – Need to travel by lake or river? Hop in.
Bodyguard - Everyone needs protection sometime.
Caravan driver - Brings items to the wholesale market from far away locations.
Coachman – Driver of a coach.
Cook - Need someone to fix your meals in your mansion?
Gravedigger - Someone has to do it.
Groom – One who tends animals. Works at a stable.
Messenger - Mail was not very advanced at this time. If you need a message to get somewhere send this human sized letter.
Mercenaries - When you need someone to fight your wars for you. Big or Small.
Sailor - Helps sail your ship wherever you might need to go.
Scribes – Skilled in taking dictation or copying documents. Writers for Hire.
Servant – Maid, butler, attendant, steward, etc. All your household needs.
Stevedore – One who loads and unloads goods from sailing ships or caravan.
Warehouse - Storage for your goods.
Guard - Sometimes your goods or property needs protection.
Well-Worker - 
Charcoal Maker - 
Scat Farmer - 
Cleaner - 
Almhouse Volunteer - 
Waiter - 
Rodent Catcher - 
Stable Hand - 
Tailor - 
Tanner - 
Warehouse Worker - 

Religion:
Priest
Temple Hand

